Wasn't it just taken away not long ago?
This moment forces a moment
Mr. Gu, it’s better not to go too far.
You and I are cooperating.
Not because of a woman,
And the nuclear gas that destroyed our two families,
This is not a big deal.
Since Mr. Fang also knows, it is even more important to get out of the way of Mr. Fang.
Don’t forget, the Economic Bureau developed in your way also mistook my story,
Do you dare to manage such a big project?
Besides, I'm not as precious now.
Do you think I'll break it again? Just relax.
You are really a bottle
A bottle of white-eyed wolf
It's hard for me to understand that I'm not as precious as you. I have money in your way.
Now it's restored to its original state and you can tell me a story
called geography
Some are too written on the road
You waited and said so
Not for him
Have sex with our two families?
I see